# Prerequisites
First install the Xcode, Visual Studio Tools, etc. Beyond ths scope of explanation. This repo isn't for the faint of the heart, as it's a complex project that requires a very good understanding of Swift, Rust, Windosw, wasm, web-sys, etc.

Hope one day, we get true Rust compatibility with these vendors, till then, we do with whatever we've got in our arsenal.

# Package Description
This library provides a unified interface to access native functionalities across all Apple, Android, Windows, and Linux targets. It leverages Rust workspaces to encapsulate platform-specific implementations. It's bridged with Swift for a seamless developer experience for all Apple targets.

Below is a table outlining the current workspaces/crates and the work being done to support them:

| Crate      | macOS | iOS | watchOS | macCatalyst | visionOS | Android | Windows | Linux | WASM |
|------------|-------|-----|---------|-------------|----------|---------|---------|-------|------|
| biometrics | ✅    | ✅  | ✅      | ✅          | ✅       | ⏳      | ⏳      | ⏳    | ⏳   |
| Version    | v10.15+ | v13+ | v7+     | v13+        | v1+      |         |         |       |      |

This structure allows for modular development and clear separation of concerns based on the underlying native APIs being accessed.

# Contributing
## Create a generic swift-library when needed inside your package
This is to create a generic swift-library when needed, and remove the git svn that's generated by the swift package init command.
```bash
mkdir -p swift-library && cd swift-library
swift package init --name swift-library --type library --disable-xctest --disable-swift-testing
rm -rf .git*
```

# build.rs
Most of the items are taken care by the build.rs. However, one important file that needs to be taken care of is bridging-header.h. This file is used to bridge the Swift and Rust code together. For the time being, just copy-paste it to the root of swift-library.

# Running
The simplest way is just do:
```rust
cargo test
```

To check if it's building:
```rust
cargo build
```
